I'm in feels good just give that got
here no you know we're going to a
football game it's not what we wanted
but still it's just great competition
BCS team and guys know that and we're
person right now every day um no one
knowing that we can beat this team
you've always been a pretty humble guy
what is it like to see your name on
second-team all-america third-team
all-america first-team all-acc I mean
what is that like for you knowing that
you taken that leap forward with your
career this is good all my hard work
paid off you know for something or just
its accolades and some people really
don't don't know by to those things but
I really don't need a raise it's good
knowing they did I made something in my
hard work paid off what's the biggest
difference between last year and the
year before that you were a really good
football player but you taken that step
this year what can you can you piece
together what it is why you've been able
to become one of the elite one out from
the entire country I'm just just coming
out preta Sevareid a and working hard
and trying to get better every day and
I've been complacent knowing that
there's handles down early in the season
or not how to step up me and gods like
under a mountain and Todd you know we
had to kind of pick that stuff up and I
just knew that I had to come out and be
on my a-game every every game new pope
was the reaction to the team when y'all
saw y'all are matched up against a
strong team like LSU with such a good
defense I'm a little happy you know we
kind of get can come back out here and
showcasing our talented and what we can
do almost a nation I think we don't get
more than 40
all the guys are happy in practice you
know they never play edition important
is it to win the ballgame not only for
this team that in fact it might be your
last game is at home tonight but it
feels good knowing that we're gonna be
able to come out here and I put a good
team like this and I mean we can't ask
for better opponent in the LSU let know
only what mr. national championship but
one play this year you know when they
played for lesser you know it's good
coming out here at home knowing that we
get to play less you talk about the
consistency in your game if you scored
nine straight games you know you come
with a lot of big plays but you've done
it game in and game out there haven't
been a whole model walls um I think
coach Morris to putting above my engine
our King I can't color plays myself you
know I can't tell the boss I got been
charging and cause Morris were on
believing in me and put me in a position
to make those on place in such knowledge
yeah great be come any closer to making
a decision about your beauty
periodontics but what is what is the
time frame for that there's something
you want to sit down the holidays before
the ballgame with us something that you
do after the bowl games over the
decision is whether or not you want to
come back for cinco nom know
I'm psyched cause in it car thank you